Tome is more engaging than a slide deck, and easier to build than a webpage. Use AI to quickly create multimedia presentations, microsites, and more.
AI that moves
your ideas forward.
Create polished & professional communication faster.
Speed, meet quality. Tome helps you express ideas quickly without cutting corners or sacrificing subtlety. It’s more engaging than a deck, and easier to build than a webpage.

Enter any prompt and create a compelling starting point for your presentation in minutes. It feels good to get work out of your head and into the world.
Designed to articulate ideas.
Stop staring at that blank page. Generate a presentation, a one-pager, a microsite, and more, starting with any prompt. Tome gives you outlines and options to react to every step of the way, so you can find the best expression of your thoughts.
Add structure and polish to your work.
Tome can help with quick and easy transformation of the work you’ve already done. Paste in a document and see it gain depth and clarity. Tome automatically builds a narrative from your text and generates matching images to illuminate your point.
Go deeper with
interactive embeds.
Draw viewers in and encourage participation by embedding interactive product mocks, 3D prototypes, data, web pages, and more.

No more pinching to zoom
Dynamic, mobile-responsive layouts adjust your content to fit any device.

Just send a link
Easily share your tome in an email, via text message, and even on social media—all with a single link.

An immersive, full-screen experience
Press play and dive into an immersive presentation mode, designed to give your story the attention it deserves.

Keep track of analytics
See who’s viewed your tome, and even more advanced analytics coming soon.

Chosen by dreamers,
schemers, and big thinkers.
“Tome makes sharing ideas more fluid, connected, and interactive. I love the flexibility of this tool!”


Reid Hoffman
Partner, Greylock

“It’s incredibly intuitive to build beautiful tomes for sales demos, pitching, or just sharing thoughts and internal memos. I'm impressed by the same level of attention to detail on the consumption side.”


Ann Chan
Co-founder, Berry

“If you’re making decks and not using Tome, you’re missing out (and wasting time).”


F
